This has been a good weekend so far. Ashley and the kids came over Friday to play and spend the weekend. Laicie and I played #cityskylines on Steam for a while as we waited on them to come over. I am really enjoying playing with Laicie. We got the kids to bed and we stayed up a little later, but I didn't read the signs very well. We were all talking for a while, and Laicie said she was tired and headed to bed, but Ashley and I could stay up. I should have learned from the weekend of just Ashley and Jordan, because when I finally came to bed, Laicie was really hurt. One she had wanted to "kiss" me, but also that she was excluded and left out again. She mentioned she trusts me, but not Ashley 100%. Ashley and I talked about all sorts of things, and it was really nice to talk to her like that again. For a while she has been to distant, in her own world to have conversations. Most of it was about her friend Arden, and how she almost needs some intervention because of her drinking. Ashley doesn't know what to do, and is worried about Arden's kids and even hers when they play with them. She knows people at the school have seen things, and is so confused that they haven't done something. She was telling Laicie about it, and even when Laicie was over helping Ashley Laicie pointed out that as she continues with schooling, she will be a mandated reporter, and will have to report Arden for some of the things she experienced or heard. Ashley and I talked about all sorts of things, and one thing I wanted to mention to Ruben is how Ashley has felt some bonding with Ruben on them talking about Arden. I tried really hard multiple times to try to be quite, and let the silance sit. I always have a responce or something I want to say, but I am working on letting others speak. When I finally made it to bed, Laicie asked if we had continued drinking, at this point it had been 2-3 hours past when Laicie first headed up. Ashley and I had one more drink at the beginning but nothing else. So Laicie was concerned Ashley had gotten really drunk, she haden't, then Laicie was just hurt that I stayed up talking to Ashley but don't stay up talking to her. She again felt left out and alone, in addition to her intentions as she went to bed. So that wasn't a great end to the day. I made a point to acknowledge it all and appololigize. She was crying a good bit, but I feel I did a good job of working through it. It made a difference because Sat morning, she came down and asked me to go get breakfast with her for everyone. She and I were able to talk and get back into a good place, that really made a difference for the day. We snuggled on the  couch and she mentioned she hoped it was a difficult day in how much I wanted her all day. I did, I wanted her then, and joked that we could before anyeone came down for the morning. Overall it was a good day, Clemson played at noon, and did not start off all that well. They did finally pull it together and led the game for a quarter or two. They ultimatilly lost by a field go in the last seconds of the game. Georgia Tech had 20 seconds or so and ran a play, didn't do much and rushed out the field goal kicker and kicked his new career long as the clock ran out. It was very disappointing, Yes Clemson didn't play all that well, and I am actually worried about Dabo's job at this point. We haven't had 2 losses in 5-9 years, so to start the season with 2 after only 3 games, is not going to be good. Then Laicie and I ordered some groceries Ashley ran home to get stuff to spend the night again, and grab beer for the South Carolina - Vanderbilt game that came on later. Laicie and I made the kids play outside, which did get some pushback, but they really had a good time, they rode the drift car, scooter, and 4-wheeler all over the place. They then asked me to make some paper airplanes and did art. The adults put the kids to bed and started to watch the game. I started playing City Skylines, while Ashley and Laicie watched the game, but Laicie turned on City Skyline and started to play too. I think this may have made Ashley feel a little left out, but she was having a good time watching the game, Vanderbilt won, who she wanted. She went inside near the end and she seemed to be taking a long time, when Laicie finally went in getting ready to go to bed ourselves, Ashley was asleep on the couch, lol. So I finished picking up and moving all the cars into the driveway and headed to bed myself. Today Sunday, we are suppose to go out on the boat with the Ashley and the kids, but I don't know any times, surprise surprise. The only plans I have is I should be meeting someone to sell my White Acura after 5. I am watching some YouTube and waiting for everyone to wake up, it is still early at 9 so I am enjoying the quite time!